Objective did not converge. You might want to increase the number of iterations, check the scale of the features or consider increasing regularisation. Duality gap: 1.745e+03, tolerance: 9.125e-01 Linear regression models with null weight for the l1 regularization term are more efficiently fitted using one of the solvers implemented in sklearn.linear_model.Ridge/RidgeCV instead.
Objective did not converge. You might want to increase the number of iterations, check the scale of the features or consider increasing regularisation. Duality gap: 1.705e+03, tolerance: 8.434e-01 Linear regression models with null weight for the l1 regularization term are more efficiently fitted using one of the solvers implemented in sklearn.linear_model.Ridge/RidgeCV instead.
Objective did not converge. You might want to increase the number of iterations, check the scale of the features or consider increasing regularisation. Duality gap: 1.699e+03, tolerance: 9.009e-01 Linear regression models with null weight for the l1 regularization term are more efficiently fitted using one of the solvers implemented in sklearn.linear_model.Ridge/RidgeCV instead.
Objective did not converge. You might want to increase the number of iterations, check the scale of the features or consider increasing regularisation. Duality gap: 2.178e+03, tolerance: 9.125e-01 Linear regression models with null weight for the l1 regularization term are more efficiently fitted using one of the solvers implemented in sklearn.linear_model.Ridge/RidgeCV instead.
Objective did not converge. You might want to increase the number of iterations, check the scale of the features or consider increasing regularisation. Duality gap: 2.058e+03, tolerance: 8.434e-01 Linear regression models with null weight for the l1 regularization term are more efficiently fitted using one of the solvers implemented in sklearn.linear_model.Ridge/RidgeCV instead.
Objective did not converge. You might want to increase the number of iterations, check the scale of the features or consider increasing regularisation. Duality gap: 2.091e+03, tolerance: 9.009e-01 Linear regression models with null weight for the l1 regularization term are more efficiently fitted using one of the solvers implemented in sklearn.linear_model.Ridge/RidgeCV instead.
